REFACTOR-#2642: Refactor partition API (#2643)
modin-project/modin: docs/developer/pandas/partition_api.rst

Pandas Partition API in Modin
=============================

> If you are working with Modin DataFrame, you can unwrap its remote partitions for your needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working with a Modin Dataframe, you can unwrap its remote partitions
to get the raw future object compatible with the execution engine (e.g. ``ray.ObjectRef`` for Ray).
```

> (pass them to another function that will be processed on a concrete node of the cluster,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> for instance) and get IPs of the remote partitions as well. In that case you can pass the partitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this API to get the IPs of the nodes that hold these objects as well. In that case you can pass the partitions
```

having needed IPs to your function. It can help with minimazing of data movement between nodes. However,

> it is worth noting that for Modin on ``Ray`` engine with ``pandas`` backend IPs of the remote partitions may not match

Reviewer: Separate discussion on Ray into separate section

Author: The PR is going to be divided into two. The first is for refactor, the second is for documentation. This comment will be applied in the second PR.
